Better user/applications documentation (#17)
gotify/website: docs/pushmsg.md

title: Push messages
---

> As already indicated in [Intro](index.md) you need an application to push messages to gotify/server. Only the user who created the application is able to get its notifications.

Reviewer: In gotify/server we normally use the term message. Clients then can send notifications for received messages.
```suggestion
As already indicated in [Intro](index.md) you need an application to push messages to gotify/server. Only the user who created the application is able to see its messages.
```
